Fix some references to 3.2 (and even 3.1) to point to 4.0 (#548)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/retail/pages/retail-introduction.adoc

== About this book

This document provides an overview of {smr}, and guides you through initial installation and setup.

> It should be read in conjunction with the {susemgr} documentation suite, available from https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be read in conjunction with the {susemgr} documentation suite, available from https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager
```

> For more information about managing your {smr} environment, or to find out where to get help, see https://www.suse.com/documentation/suse-manager-4/4.0/suse-manager/retail/retail-introduction.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about managing your {smr} environment, or to find out where to get help, see xref:retail:retail-introduction.adoc[].
```
